hello everyone Chardo android we are
here today at the motorola mobility CES
2012 booth and i'm excited to talk to
you about our latest introduction into
the razor family this is the droid razr
maxx by motorola and what you'll see is
that it looks very much like a razor but
what's what's not seen on this side can
be seen here it's it's a little little
powerhouse what we have here is a 3300
milliamp hour battery so it is
significantly more than what people are
used to seeing a typical smartphone in
android world will have a battery life
between 1202 at max 1850 what we have
done is we've kept a very slim profile
and able to MIT and managed to put in a
3300 million power battery what you'll
see on this is a 4.3 qhd display with
the HD front-facing camera along with a
HD 1080p capture and 8 megapixel camera
with flash it also when you capture with
the 1080p HD camera you can connect to
your flat screen TV using the hdmi out
on this side and then you'll be able to
see everything in HD that you captured
so really a great device from a
resolution perspective again this is a
qHD device and we have done some great
advances in the area of display so this
is the gallery that's loaded onto this
device and as you can see with this
super amoled advanced display we have
here you get a full clarity vibrancy and
color reproduction unlike any other
phone that's out there so in this
picture of a frog you'll see that the
Reds are truly red the black is truly
black and the white and all the colors
in between are just right from a video
perspective we've also ensured that the
motion is seamless
food and the colors in the vibrance
he'll come out in great clarity so this
4.3 inch display looks like you're
watching a flat-screen TV right in your
hands really phenomenal work from a from
a display standpoint we didn't stop
there it's very similar to the razor
family that we have today we made sure
the design language was adhere to
including the tapered corners and the
full Kevlar back that you have here this
Kevlar with the pattern that you see is
a similar pattern that you find on the
razor family so again giving it a
signature look that people are
accustomed to with the razor family we
didn't stop there from just a hardware
perspective we also went in and improve
the experience around some of the key
experiences that we've introduced and
that's with my with Smart Actions if you
wanted to basically automate some of the
tax tasks that you're doing we've
pre-populated some of the things so for
example if you're going to work out and
you put your headphone in at the 3.5
million headphone jack you get this app
you can set up so it launches your
particular favorite application if you
come home if you if in the mornings when
you wake up you can launch a particular
app so if you want to look at Facebook
or social networking that are popular in
Brazil you can quickly and easily do
that you can also set it up where when
you get to work you can have a wallpaper
that is of the Brazilian soccer team and
then when you get to work you can change
it to something that won't get you in
trouble it's a really great feature and
all this based on your location of your
phone so again this is GPS so you can
change your wallpaper any based on your
location so to keep you out of trouble
really a great feature that I personally
use very often the other thing that I
wanted to share with you is this idea of
moto cast a lot of people have computers
at
home it could be a Mac it could be a PC
and they don't want to transfer all the
files to carry with them with this modal
cast in this particular case pictures
you can click on moto cast and it will
allow you to get pictures from your
computer onto the device now this is a
free software that's only available from
Motorola and it's not on the market
place and this allows us to connect to a
Mac or PC that you may have at home or
work or even both pcs 2pcs 5pcs it
allows us to connect them all you just
download the client software onto the
laptop or desktop and then connect it to
the device and anywhere you have
coverage you'll be able to access any
files that you said allow this device to
see so you have your own personal cloud
with you wherever you go and that's the
powerful thing about the droid razr maxx
allows you to do more than ever before
especially with the 3300 milliamp hour
battery in a very thin slice silage form
factor so that's what we have today at
the motorola CES